Others have blood type O
What blood type are you?
I seem to be type A
What should I do, uncle, what blood type are you?
I am also a type
I am blood type b
Look at me. I'm blood type o
How could this be?
Sister and Lin Wenli
The blood type is also exactly the same
How can they have so many similarities?
Come with me!
As long as you can save the teacher
You can drain my blood
Remember your contributions to patients
Why don't you draw blood?
I just tested it
The lady and the patient
There is a rejection reaction in the blood. What?
Hurry up
How could this be?
What about the patient?
You lose blood from another hospital
Why did the nurse reject it?
The specific reason is not clear for the time being
But
It is not ruled out that there is a relationship between this lady and the patient
immediate family relationship
What's right?
Even if immediate family members share the same blood type
There is a high probability of rejection when thinning blood
Xiaonan's mother, it's great that you finally woke up.
Hey, what about Wenli?
When is it that you still care about others?
Have a good rest first, okay?
Senior Sister Lin Wenli
Look at you hurt
It's too serious. He's afraid he'll have to pay for the medical bills.
I fainted.
I was hospitalized just now.
Yes, Lin Wenli is an incompetent coward
Shame on you.